jQuery TextFill
===============

**[jQuery TextFill][index]** resizes text to fit into a container and makes font size as big as possible.

This jQuery plugin was created by Russ Painter around May 2009, beginning with a StackOverflow [question][soq]. In very early 2012, Yu-Jie Lin helped to move the project to GitHub with version 0.1 and obtained the clearly stated open source licensing from Russ.

[soq]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/687998/auto-size-dynamic-text-to-fill-fixed-size-container
[index]: http://jquery-textfill.github.com/jquery-textfill/index.html

Usage
-----

```html
<script src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="http://jquery-textfill.github.com/jquery-textfill/jquery.textfill.min.js"></script>
```

The code above uses minified version. By default options, you need to put text inside of `<span/>`:

```html
<div class='textfill' style='width:100px;height:50px;'>
  <span>The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog</span>
</div>
```

### Initialization

```js
$(selector).textfill(options);
```

For example,

```html
<script>
$(function(){
  $('.textfill').textfill({ maxFontPixels: 36 });
});
</script>
```

### Options

 * `debug`: output debug message to console. Default is false.
 * `minFontPixels`: minimal font size. Default is 4.
 * `maxFontPixels`: sizing up the text as big as possible to this setting. For *size <= 0*, the text is sized to as big as the container can accommodate. Default is 40.
 * `innerTag`: by default all `<span/>`s' font size in `$(selector)` will be changed to fill.
 * `callback`: callback when each element's (`innerTag`) font size is resized.
 * `complete`: callback when all elements are done.
 * `widthOnly`: only resizing for width restraint, this is intentionally used with CSS `white-space: nowrap` for header tags.
 * `explicitWidth` and `explicitHeight`: explicit dimension.

Help and Support
----------------

### Reporting bug

When report a bug, please reproduce the bug using this [jsFiddle][jsFiddle] as a template. Environment can be different and some may be fine, some may be not. Please make sure you can clearly demonstrate the bug. Also provide enough information about your system and browser, if necessary.

[jsFiddle]: http://jsfiddle.net/livibetter/3gMFG/

### Contributing

You are very welcome to contribute whatever you can, but **please do not**:

* Update version number.
* Generate minified file.

These tasks are for releasing, contributors should not take on them.

Before you submit, make sure:

* Coding style generally matches.
* Pass all tests previously have passed.
* *Optional* Update README if necessary.
* *Optional* Update CHAGES if worth mentioning.

License
-------

It is licensed under the MIT License, see [COPYING][] file.

[COPYING]: https://github.com/jquery-textfill/jquery-textfill/blob/master/COPYING

    Copyright (c) 2012-2013 Yu-Jie Lin
    Copyright (c) 2009 Russ Painter
